DOC Adds changed model entry for _approximate_mode (#23291)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  :class:`tree.DecisionTreeRegressor` can be impacted by a fix in the handling
  of rounding errors. Previously some extra spurious splits could occur.

- |Fix| :func:`model_selection.train_test_split` with a `stratify` parameter

>   and :class:`model_selection.StratifiedShuffleSplit` may result in slightly
>   different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and :class:`model_selection.StratifiedShuffleSplit` may lead to slightly
  different results.
```
